0.  How much time did you spend on this pre-class exercise, and when?
Ans. I spent 1 hour on pre-class exercise on October 7, 2015. 

1.  What are one or two points that you found least clear in the
    10/06 slide decks (including the narration)?
Ans. One point that I did not understand is the giving up of one-hop routing
     while explaining the difference between Bus and Crossbar network topology.

2.  In the upcoming lecture (10/8), we will discuss how to model
    latency and bandwidth of MPI sends and receives using the
    ping-pong benchmark briefly described in the current demo.
    We would like to understand the difference between different
    MPI implementations (and make sure we know how to run MPI codes).

    a) Make sure the cs5220 module is loaded and type "which mpicc";
       if everything is correct, you should see the Intel MPI version
       (under /usr/local/intel).  Using this version of MPI and the
       default PBS files, run the pingpong examples (demo/pingpong).
    Ans. After loading the cs5220 module, I run all the default pbs 
        files in the pingpong folder. We find that the ping-2core is faster
	than ping-2chip.    


    b) Now do "module load openmpi/1.10.0-icc-15.0.3" after loading
       the CS 5220 module.  Check by typing "which mpicc" that you
       are now using a different version of mpicc.  Compile with
       OpenMPI, and re-run the on-node tests using OpenMPI (note:
       you will have to add a module load to the start of the PBS
       scripts).  How do the timings differ from the Intel MPI timings?
   Ans. ping-2core using openmpi is faster than ping-2core using intel mpi 
        for small sized messages but as the message size increases, the trend 
        gets reversed. A similar behavior is seen using the chip communication 
        for small sizes messages. For larger messages, "openmpi" ping-2chip is 
	comparable to "intel-mpi" ping-2chip.   

    c) When running at the peak rate (e.g. 16 double precision
       flops/cycle), how many (double precision) floating point ops
       could two totient cores do in the minimal time required for one
       MPI message exchange?
    Ans. The minimal time required for one MPI message exchange is approimately 
         2e-07. The total number of FLOPS for two totient cores will be = 2*2.4e9*
         16*2e-07 = 15360. 
